
This directory contains Fortran 77 programs using various
subprograms described in Appendix B. All programs use double
precision (REAL*8 / COMPLEX*16) arithmetic. Single and quadruple
precision versions of these programs can be found in f77/xmp4 and
f77/xmp16 respectively. 

All these programs have been tested to some extent, but there may
be some bugs. Users are welcome to use these programs at their
own risk. Any bugs discovered in these routines may be notified to

antia@tifr.res.in

The main purpose of the programs in this directory is to provide
concrete examples of using the subprograms described in Appendix B.
Most of these programs are based on either solved examples or
exercises in the book. Sample outputs obtained from these programs
is also included in files *.out. These output files may be useful
to check if the program is running correctly (at least giving the
same output!) on your computer. Because of differences in
roundoff errors between different compilers and computers the
output may not exactly match on two different machines. In most
cases the output refers to output on Fortran logical unit 6 which
is normally the terminal. This output has been redirected to a
file which is included in the directory. In a few cases
(anneal.f, bsplin.f, rls.f, smooth.f) the programs directly write
to a file on the disk. Of these bsplin.f and smooth.f do not have
any significant output on the screen and it is not included in
the CD. While for anneal.f and rls.f the screen output is
included in addition to the files directly written. 

Some Fortran compilers running under Windows operating system
require a Fortran file with extension .for rather than .f as
required by compilers under Unix. To allow for this, two
copies of all Fortran files are provided with names *.f and
*.for. Except for the name, these pairs of files are identical.
Nevertheless, all links in html files point to files *.f only. 






Apart from 117 pairs of Fortran programs and the corresponding
output files this directory contains the following files: 

kernel		Data file containing kernels for Inverse problem (Example 12.5)

readme		This file

readme.htm	readme file with HTML link

xmp.ind		Index of subprograms used in different examples

xmp.lst		Subject wise list of programs

xmp.sor		Alphabetic list of programs

xmplst.htm	Subject wise list of programs with HTML links

xmplsta.htm	Alphabetic list of programs with HTML links





The following 117 pairs of Fortran programs (files *.f and *.for)
are included in this directory

adi.f      adm.f      adpint.f   anneal.f   bessel.f   bfgs.f     brentm.f
broydn.f   bspfit.f   bspfit2.f  bspfitn.f  bspintn.f  bsplin.f   bspode.f
bspqd2.f   bspqdn.f   cauchy.f   chebap.f   chebcf.f   chebex.f   cmat.f
crank.f    davidm.f   dawson.f   delves.f   drvt.f     erf.f      euler.f
extp.f     fdm.f      fermi.f    fft.f      fftn.f     fftr.f     filon.f
fred.f     fred3.f    fredco.f   gamma.f    gaubnd.f   gaucb1.f   gaucb2.f
gaucby.f   gauher.f   gaujac.f   gaulag.f   gauleg.f   gaulog.f   gausq.f
gausrc.f   gauswt.f   genevp.f   gevp.f     gevp_c.f   golden.f   herevp.f
hermit.f   interp.f   invit.f    lagurw.f   lapinv.f   lax.f      linear.f
lines.f    linrn.f    llsq.f     llsq1.f    matinv.f   minmax.f   mstep.f
muler2.f   muller.f   multi.f    multisp.f  newrap.f   newton.f   nllsq.f
nminf.f    pade.f     plm.f      pold.f     polfit.f   polfit2.f  polfitn.f
poly2.f    polyc.f    polyl1.f   polyr.f    quad.f     realrt.f   realsy.f
recin2.f   recin3.f   recrt2.f   remes.f    rkm.f      rkm_2.f    rls.f
rmk.f      rmk1.f     root.f     round.f    search.f   secan_2.f  secanc.f
shoot.f    simplx.f   smooth.f   sor.f      splint.f   sum.f      sum_a.f
unsym.f    unsyml.f   volt.f     volt2.f    ylm.f

The 120 output files from these programs are as follows:

adi.out      adm.out      adpint.out   anneal.out   bessel.out   bfgs.out
brentm.out   broydn.out   bspfit.out   bspfit2.out  bspfitn.out  bspintn.out
bsplin.out   bspode.out   bspqd2.out   bspqdn.out   cauchy.out   chebap.out
chebcf.out   chebex.out   cmat.out     crank.out    davidm.out   dawson.out
delves.out   drvt.out     erf.out      euler.out    extp.out     fdm.out
fermi.out    fft.out      fftn.out     fftr.out     filon.out    fred.out
fred3.out    fredco.out   gamma.out    gaubnd.out   gaucb1.out   gaucb2.out
gaucby.out   gauher.out   gaujac.out   gaulag.out   gauleg.out   gaulog.out
gausq.out    gausrc.out   gauswt.out   genevp.out   gevp.out     gevp_c.out
golden.out   herevp.out   hermit.out   interp.out   invers.out   invit.out
lagurw.out   lapinv.out   lax.out      lcurv.out    linear.out   lines.out
linrn.out    llsq.out     llsq1.out    matinv.out   minmax.out   mstep.out
muler2.out   muller.out   multi.out    multisp.out  newrap.out   newton.out
nllsq.out    nminf.out    pade.out     plm.out      pold.out     polfit.out
polfit2.out  polfitn.out  poly2.out    polyc.out    polyl1.out   polyr.out
quad.out     realrt.out   realsy.out   recin2.out   recin3.out   recrt2.out
remes.out    rkm.out      rkm_2.out    rls.out      rmk.out      rmk1.out
root.out     round.out    search.out   secan_2.out  secanc.out   shoot.out
simplx.out   smooth.out   sor.out      splint.out   sum.out      sum_a.out
titan.out    unsym.out    unsyml.out   volt.out     volt2.out    ylm.out

The files invers.out and lcurv.out are additional outputs from rls.f,
while titan.out is additional output from anneal.f

